FR clarifications (#18)
radicle-foundation/radworks-governance: manual.md

A RGP must first complete **an off-chain review process** before it can be submitted on-chain. This process includes the *Discussion* and *Formal Review* phases of our governance process. Having a public off-chain review process allows for proposals to be reviewed, discussed, and improved by the Radicle community before reaching an on-chain vote. These steps help provide on-chain voters with more context on community sentiment and proposal development which ideally leads to more informed and less contentious decisions, and it protects the RadicleDAO by ensuring that on-chain vote has already been vetted and reviewed in a transparent manner.

> Formal Reviews can be posted as Snapshot Polls by anyone who has an amount of $RAD greater than or equal to **1K $RAD delegated** to their address. This is to help prevent spam proposals. Please schedule all Snapshot Polls to start on the thrid Monday of the month and end at 5:00pm CET on the fourth Monday of the month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Snapshot poll for a Formal Review can be posted by anyone who has an amount of $RAD greater than or equal to **1K $RAD delegated** to their address. This is to prevent spam proposals. All Snapshot Polls must begin on **5:00pm GMT+2** the **third Monday of the month** and end at **5:00pm GMT+2** on the **following Monday**. Each Snapshot poll must have three voting options: `Yes` `No` and `Abstain`.

```
